Document `p4est` interfacing (#2347)
trixi-framework/Trixi.jl: docs/src/meshes/p4est_mesh.md

```C
/** The prototype for a function that p4est_iterate will execute at every
 * quadrant local to the current process.
 * \param [in] info          information about a quadrant provided to the user
 * \param [in,out] user_data the user context passed to p4est_iterate()
 */
typedef void (*p4est_iter_volume_t) (p4est_iter_volume_info_t * info,
                                     void *user_data);

/** The prototype for a function that p8est_iterate() will execute at every
 * quadrant local to the current process.
 * \param [in] info          information about a quadrant provided to the user
 * \param [in,out] user_data the user context passed to p8est_iterate()
 */
typedef void (*p8est_iter_volume_t) (p8est_iter_volume_info_t * info,
                                     void *user_data);
```
For these functions documentation is provided for both [2D](https://p4est.github.io/api/p4est-latest/p4est__iterate_8h.html) and [3D](https://p4est.github.io/api/p4est-latest/p8est__iterate_8h.html).

> To handle both 2D (which is the canonical `p4est`) and 3D (which is within the `p4est` library referred to as `p8est`), we need to constuct [dispatching fuctions.](https://github.com/trixi-framework/Trixi.jl/blob/f76ccaf23a1df150f9a185f0faa770ebc1abc417/src/callbacks_step/amr.jl#L638-L647) The dispatiching is performed on the number of spatial dimensions:

Author: ```suggestion
To handle both 2D (which is the canonical `p4est`) and 3D (which is within the `p4est` library referred to as `p8est`), we need to construct [dispatching functions.](https://github.com/trixi-framework/Trixi.jl/blob/f76ccaf23a1df150f9a185f0faa770ebc1abc417/src/callbacks_step/amr.jl#L638-L647) The dispatching is performed on the number of spatial dimensions:
```

Overall, this non-standard partitioning can be realized as
```julia
# Get cell distribution for standard partitioning
global_first_quadrant = unsafe_wrap(Array,
                                    unsafe_load(mesh.p4est).global_first_quadrant,
                                    mpi_nranks() + 1)
# Need to copy `global_first_quadrant` to different variable as the former will change 
# due to the call to `partition!`
old_global_first_quadrant = copy(global_first_quadrant)

# Get (global) element distribution to accordingly balance the solver
level_info_elements = some_user_defined_function()

# Balance such that each rank has the same number of RHS calls                                    
balance_p4est_multirate!(mesh, dg, cache, level_info_elements, alg.stages)
# Actual move of elements across ranks
rebalance_solver!(u0, mesh, equations, dg, cache, old_global_first_quadrant)
reinitialize_boundaries!(semi.boundary_conditions, cache) # Needs to be called after `rebalance_solver!`

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe I'm missing something, but I am not quite sure, where this could should live. Can you maybe clarify that a bit?

Author: I would place this in the `resize!` of an integrator I think.

Reviewer: Would you mind adding a sentence explaining that very briefly? Because otherwise, I think, as a reader it would be difficult to, where to place this code.
